It had been snowing all day, and the snow was layring thick on the ground, covering evrything in a glimering blanket of white. The flakes kept tumbling down from the sky, one after another, like tiny stars falling from abov, and they made the world look like somthing out of a fairytale. My sister and I were thrilled by the site of it, as we had been waiting for the snow to come so we could go outside and play. My mom, however, did not share our excitment. She does not like the snow becuse it means she has to shovle the driveway and clear the walkways, a job she always calls backbraking. But even her grumbling could not dampen the joy we felt as we pressed our faces to the frosty windowpane, watching the fluffy flakes pile up higher and higher. "It is so beautifull out there!" I exclaimmed to my sister, who nodded eagarly. We could not wait to step into the winter wonderland that was unfolding just outside the dor.

I hurried to get ready, digging through the closit to find my hat and mitens, which I always seem to loose. After a bit of searching and a lot of cluter, I finaly found them at the bottom of a bin filled with last year’s winter stuff. My mom called out from the kichen, “Hurry up! If you are going outside, you need to be bundld up good.” I grabbed my hat and mitens and ran to her, where she was standing with my jaket already in hand. She helped me put it on, tugging it over my sweater and making sure the hood was snugg around my ears. Then, she put my scarf around my neck and ziped up my jaket all the way to my chin, making sure no cold air could sneek in. She always makes a point to do it just right, and though it feels a bit tight sometimes, I know it keeps me warm. My sister was also bussy getting ready. She found her hat and mitens quicker than I did and was alredy standing by the dor, bouncing on her toes with exitement. Mom helped her, too, wrapping her scarf and ziping up her coat just as she had done for me.

Finaly, with evrything in place and bundld up like we were going on an artic expidition, we stept out into the snow. The cold air hit my cheaks, and it felt fresh and crisp, but not too chilly thanks to all the layers Mom had insisted we wear. My sister and I jumped right into the snow, our boots sinking into the soft, powdery ground. Meanwhile, my mom sighed and picked up the shovle from the garage. "You two go have fun," she said, though I could tell from her tone that she was not as thrilled about the snow as we were. She began shovling the driveway with slow, detirmined movements, her breath creating little puffs of steam in the frosty air.

We started with a snowman, rolling the snow into big, heavy balls that we stacked on top of one another. My sister giggled as she tryed to balance the smallest ball on the top, and I had to help her so it would not tumble off. We found some twigs for the arms, a carrot from the kichen for the nose, and some small stones for the eyes and butons. "It looks perfekt!" my sister declared, and I had to agree. Our snowman stood proudly in the midle of the yard, watching over evrything like a frosty gurdian.

After that, we moved on to making snow angels. We lay down in the snow and waved our arms and legs back and forth, leaving behind perfect angel shapes in the white powder. It was so much fun that we did it over and over, each time trying to make the wings even bigger and more dramatic. Mom glanced over from where she was still shovling and gave us a small smile, though I think she was more focosed on finishing her task than on our antics. She was wearing her scarf tightly around her face, with her hat pulld low, and I could see that the effort of shovling was making her cheaks red from exersion.

Then came the best part, snowball fights. My sister and I scooped up handfuls of snow, packing it into tight, round balls and throwing them at each other. The snow flew through the air, and we both laughed so hard that our sides began to ake. Sometimes, I missed my target and hit a tree or the fense instead, but when I landed a perfekt shot on my sister’s shoulder, she squeled with mock outraje and threw a snowball right back at me. It was pure joy, the kind that only comes from playing in the snow with no worrys or cares.

As we played, the snow started falling again, thicker and hevier this time. The sky turnd a soft gray, and the flakes swirled around us in a magical dance. We kept going untill our fingers and toes started to feel numb, despite the hats and mitens Mom had so carefully put on us. Finaly, my mom called us inside. "It is snowing too hard now," she said, leaning on the shovle for a moment and brushing the snow off her coat. We did not argue, as the idea of a warm house and hot choclate sounded too good to resist.

Once inside, we peeled off our wet, snow coverd clothes and left them in a soggy pile by the dor. Mom was already in the kichen, warming up milk on the stove and stirring in coco powder and sugar. The smell of choclate filled the air, and it made my mouth watter. My sister and I sat at the table, our cheaks still rosy from the cold, and waited eagarly for our cups. When Mom placed them in front of us, the steam rising from the mugs was like a warm hug. We wrapped our hands around the cups and siped the hot choclate slowly, savering evry creamy, sweet mouthfull. It was the perfekt end to a perfekt snowy day.

